= logical_model

LogicalModel allows to use a restfull resources as models.

It was written following this tutorial: http://www.slideshare.net/ihower/serviceoriented-design-and-implement-with-rails3

== Assumptions

LogicalModel makes some assumptions about the service you'll be consuming

# TODO

* it is RESTfull
* Create response on success is
    {}
* Create response on failure is

== Usage

In your Gemfile:

    gem "logical_model"

== Testing

For runnings specs you must have the service running locally. Do like this:

    ruby service.rb -p 3000 -e test

Also note that after a single run of the tests the server must be restarted to reset
the database. We could change this by deleting all users in the test setup.

To run spec:

    bundle exec rspec spec/client_spec.rb


== Contributing to logical_model
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011,2012 Dwayne Macgowan. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

=== TODO

* put log in /log
* on create parse response and show errors, etc.
